>> Mike North: So we're gonna go
through the process of building
a Fibonacci generator.
So we're gonna be working
within this function here,
it's generator function that it is meant
to implement the Fibonacci sequence.
So if we run our tests,
>> Mike North: We can see that only one
thing is exported from the module,
so this test is happy.
Get fib sequence returns in iterator,
we really have no other option when
working with generator functions.
We also return an interator.
But then you can see that things sort
of break down from there in that we're
basically, we're getting
undefined as values off of this
iterator meaning it is done to begin with,
there's nothing here.
>> Mike North: So let's get started.
So using this idea of the diagonals
convention that I explained before,
we can say twoAgo.
This is a better name than last class.
TwoAgo equals one.
>> Mike North: oneAgo = 0; while(true)
next value is gonna be twoAgo plus oneAgo.
>> Mike North: And then,
we can yield that out.
And then, our job is basically to
because this closure is preserved.
When we ask for the next number,
we kind of have to update things based
on like we have to shuffle our
numbers around till we are ready for
the next item in the sequence so
in this case, we'll say twoago = oneago,
oneago = nextValue, and
we are ready to turn over the loop again
right so,
>> Mike North: Just thinking through this
It would be and
I could say if I can just pass, great.
So the tests pass.
If we just walk through this
code we start with zero and
one, right, and then we're going to
calculate the next value and
in this case it's going to be one.
Zero plus one is one,
we'll yield that out.
So it's our first number in the sequence.
>> Mike North: Right?
Then the next time we pull something off
of the iterator, we're gonna go down here.
This will still be one, right?
So we'll say,
>> Mike North: We'll
basically say that the old.
All right, so
twoAgo gets the previous value for oneAgo.
This will get the one that
we just returned, right.
And then, we'll turn around the loop and
go back up here, an 0 + 1 is also 1.
>> Mike North: And then,
the next time we pull the iterator
around Twoago is gonna be one.
Oneago is gonna be one.
Cause that's what we just returned,
and then,
we're gonna get two and so on.
So this is like in terms of
making your code more expressive,
this is a pretty expressive way
to describe the nudgy algorithm.
Right.
It doesn't involve explicitly
creating additional closures.
This construct of being able to emit
numbers one by one gives us
a new way to represent this.
Once you understand the way yield works
and the way this generator function pauses
execution at yield, it is a convenient
tool to use for this kind of thing.